## <ins>Included Lists</ins>
The List is gathered from many multiple sources, combined into one file, duplicates removed and cleaned up.
  
```sh
---------- Syntax: adblock ----------

AdGuard
https://adguardteam.github.io/AdGuardSDNSFilter/Filters/filter.txt

Spam404
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Spam404/lists/master/main-blacklist.txt

EasyPrivacy
https://v.firebog.net/hosts/Easyprivacy.txt

NoTrack
https://gitlab.com/quidsup/notrack-blocklists/raw/master/notrack-blocklist.txt

DandelionSprout GameConsole
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DandelionSprout/adfilt/master/GameConsoleAdblockList.txt

Durablenapkin Scam
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/durablenapkin/scamblocklist/master/adguard.txt

ZeroDot1 CoinBlocker
https://gitlab.com/ZeroDot1/CoinBlockerLists/-/raw/master/list.txt

OISD Full
https://abp.oisd.nl/

Perflyst SmartTV
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Perflyst/PiHoleBlocklist/master/SmartTV-AGH.txt

Perflyst Android Tracking
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Perflyst/PiHoleBlocklist/master/android-tracking.txt

DandelionSprout AdGuard Home Compilation
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DandelionSprout/adfilt/master/AdGuard%20Home%20Compilation%20List/AdGuardHomeCompilationList.txt

DandelionSprout Annoying Notifications
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DandelionSprout/adfilt/master/AdGuard%20Home%20Compilation%20List/AdGuardHomeCompilationList-Notifications.txt

DandelionSprout German
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DandelionSprout/AdguardFilters/master/GermanFilter/sections/adservers.txt

DandelionSprout AntiMalware
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DandelionSprout/adfilt/master/Alternate%20versions%20Anti-Malware%20List/AntiMalwareAdGuardHome.txt

DandelionSprout Unusual Ads
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DandelionSprout/adfilt/master/AdRemovalListForUnusualAds.txt

Easylist Germany Ads
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/easylist/easylistgermany/master/easylistgermany/easylistgermany_adservers.txt

Easylist Germany Popups
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/easylist/easylistgermany/master/easylistgermany/easylistgermany_adservers_popup.txt

Easylist Privacy
https://easylist.to/easylist/easyprivacy.txt

Easylist Anti-Adblock
https://easylist-downloads.adblockplus.org/antiadblockfilters.txt

Easylist Cookies
https://secure.fanboy.co.nz/fanboy-cookiemonster.txt

Matomo Referrer Spam
ttps://raw.githubusercontent.com/matomo-org/referrer-spam-blacklist/master/spammers.txt

RooneyMcNibNug Tracking
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RooneyMcNibNug/pihole-stuff/master/SNAFU.txt

Disconnect.me Simple Ad
https://s3.amazonaws.com/lists.disconnect.me/simple_ad.txt

Disconnect.me Malvertising
https://s3.amazonaws.com/lists.disconnect.me/simple_malvertising.txt

EthanR Domains
https://bitbucket.org/ethanr/dns-blacklists/raw/8575c9f96e5b4a1308f2f12394abd86d0927a4a0/bad_lists/Mandiant_APT1_Report_Appendix_D.txt

EthanR PHP
https://bitbucket.org/ethanr/dns-blacklists/raw/8575c9f96e5b4a1308f2f12394abd86d0927a4a0/bad_lists/all.php.txt

EthanR Zeus
https://bitbucket.org/ethanr/dns-blacklists/raw/8575c9f96e5b4a1308f2f12394abd86d0927a4a0/bad_lists/zeus_baddomains.txt

EthanR Dom-BL-base
https://bitbucket.org/ethanr/dns-blacklists/raw/8575c9f96e5b4a1308f2f12394abd86d0927a4a0/bad_lists/dom-bl-base.txt

Dawsey21 Main
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dawsey21/Lists/master/main-blacklist.txt

PhishingArmy Extended
https://phishing.army/download/phishing_army_blocklist_extended.txt

NextDNS CNAME Cloaking
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nextdns/cname-cloaking-blocklist/dbc00eb230484afb007a4904d2549968abd586b1/domains

Superover TikTok
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/superover/TikTok-Blocklist/master/tiktok.txt

NoTracking
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/notracking/hosts-blocklists/master/adblock/adblock.txt

Fanboy Cookies
https://fanboy.co.nz/fanboy-cookiemonster.txt

Wally3k Personal
https://v.firebog.net/hosts/static/w3kbl.txt

HBlock Ads
https://hblock.molinero.dev/hosts_adblock.txt

aBL Block
https://abl.arapurayil.com/filters/main.txt

Energized Ultimate
https://block.energized.pro/ultimate/formats/filter

Energized Regional Extension
https://block.energized.pro/extensions/regional/formats/filter

1Hosts Pro
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/badmojr/1Hosts/master/Pro/adblock.txt

Lennolium Personal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Lennolium/Misc/main/blocklist_self.txt


---------- Syntax: hosts ----------

Quantum Simply Ads
https://gitlab.com/The_Quantum_Alpha/the-quantum-ad-list/-/raw/master/Individual%20lists/The_Quantum_Simply-ads-list.txt

Quantum Fakesites
https://gitlab.com/The_Quantum_Alpha/the-quantum-ad-list/-/raw/81ca271df0cb79f2317d8b0651f05007813a5293/Individual%20lists/The_Quantum_Fakesites.txt

Quantum Privacy
https://gitlab.com/The_Quantum_Alpha/the-quantum-ad-list/-/raw/master/Individual%20lists/The_Quantum_Privacy-list.txt

Quantum Abuse
https://gitlab.com/The_Quantum_Alpha/the-quantum-ad-list/-/raw/master/Individual%20lists/The_Quantum_Abuse-List.txt

WindowsSpyBlocker
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/crazy-max/WindowsSpyBlocker/master/data/hosts/spy.txt

AnudeepND Adservers
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/anudeepND/blacklist/master/adservers.txt

NimalHostsBlocker
https://reddestdream.github.io/Projects/MinimalHosts/etc/MinimalHostsBlocker/minimalhosts

DeveloperDan Ads Extended
https://www.github.developerdan.com/hosts/lists/ads-and-tracking-extended.txt

Frogeye Multiparty
https://hostfiles.frogeye.fr/multiparty-trackers-hosts.txt

Frogeye Firstparty
https://hostfiles.frogeye.fr/firstparty-trackers-hosts.txt

Esox-Lucius 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Esox-Lucius/PiHoleblocklists/main/HTTP%20headers%20aiding%20exploitation

Curben URLHaus 
https://gitlab.com/curben/urlhaus-filter/raw/master/urlhaus-filter-hosts.txt

SomeOneWhoCares Hosts
https://someonewhocares.org/hosts/zero/hosts

Hoshsadiq NoCoin
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hoshsadiq/adblock-nocoin-list/master/hosts.txt

LLACB47 TikTok
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/llacb47/mischosts/master/social/tiktok-block

Socialblock TikTok
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/d43m0nhLInt3r/socialblocklists/master/TikTok/tiktokblocklist.txt

AdAway Ads
https://adaway.org/hosts.txt

PolishFiltersTeam KAD
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PolishFiltersTeam/KADhosts/master/KADhosts.txt

YoYo Ads
https://pgl.yoyo.org/adservers/serverlist.php?hostformat=hosts&showintro=0&mimetype=plaintext

Nicholasb Primary
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nicholasb2101/PiHole/master/Blocklists/Primary%20Blocklist.txt

Nicholasb Secondary
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nicholasb2101/PiHole/master/Blocklists/Secondary%20Blocklist.txt

Nicholasb Teriary
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nicholasb2101/PiHole/master/Blocklists/Tertiary%20Blocklist.txt

Blocklistproject (BLP) SmartTV
https://blocklistproject.github.io/Lists/smart-tv.txt

BLP Tracking
https://blocklistproject.github.io/Lists/tracking.txt

BLP TikTok
https://blocklistproject.github.io/Lists/tiktok.txt

BLP Scam
https://blocklistproject.github.io/Lists/scam.txt

BLP Ransomware
https://blocklistproject.github.io/Lists/ransomware.txt

BLP Phishing
https://blocklistproject.github.io/Lists/phishing.txt

BLP Malware
https://blocklistproject.github.io/Lists/malware.txt

BLP Fraud
https://blocklistproject.github.io/Lists/fraud.txt

BLP Ads
https://blocklistproject.github.io/Lists/ads.txt

BLP Abuse
https://blocklistproject.github.io/Lists/abuse.txt

StevenBlack Ad Malware
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/StevenBlack/hosts/master/hosts 
```  
